come on John we can sell like the feast
in time no we're done that feast is so
high if it's up there I swear now DX for
easy place for a feast it looks like so
much stacked up to yeah it's Bob god
damn it are they up there how I felt off
oh I know that's what I've with me hey
flippy careful it's el windy up here not
uh there's no end in Minecraft and not
dumb I'll fix your game notch it doesn't
have wind in their game Oh flippy get in
my way gah shadows break that block
where is this feast we speak of oh it's
Howdy down there off I was stomper right
now look at them that would be an easy
stomp I like you Stamper no I said she's
a cat in time hmm I'm all natural oh
look else what do we do I want to just
stop him though for kicks it's not do it
stop them ok let me stack it now I'm
like a stop i'll be crazy I look God
look at him oh my god oh yeah oh you son
of the mm-hmm this is why I don't play
minecraft did you kill him I got eyes I
caught him massive crowd because I was
right on top I even soup too
oh my god so come here just like
kickflip youth call now what happened
okay well what happened to John sky we
see this guy right it needs a beast and
he's like he's like he's like giving us
the golden opportunity stomp him if we
were stompers but none of us were flippy
I wasn't a stomper okay anyway but um so
basically flippy told me to look over
the ledge and he knocked me off and i
souped on the way down but it didn't
work so your tips were useless jo yes um
falsify like what I do joke soup soup
such a jerk we would have won I
guarantee it tonight you're done for oh
my god i'm uploading this this is this
is a single look this I'm gonna come and
be like first oh and first dislike oh
you got owned so bad so I've out stop
record something right you
oh this get is so it's getting so
confused where I am and he's digging
down directly beneath me but he's right
under me oh my god one idiot what an
idiot I should dump off on him if I
could jump into this lava source and
then fill it fill my bucket with lava de
and then dumped on him that'd be so epic
oh my god you would be even more epic if
you just went for the stomp you know
Yolo right maybe it'll work on a glitch
in the system never know shut up Siri
now what I land in the lava yet it says
I never heard of stairs I don't get life
what is life I don't know